people scramble to find anyone still
alive in the rubble after the jabalia
refugee camp is hit by Israeli air
strikes for the second time in 2 days
more suffering heaped on those who had
already lost friends and family in
Tuesday's
Massac the house we're standing on now
is my uncle the father of Allah masud
and Nabil masud the building there is my
sister's she's still under the rubble
along with her children and her in-laws
entire families erased and destroyed
over 30 buildings here erased from the
face of the
Earth there was anger and Chaos after a
bakery came under attack too close to
gaza's largest medical facility the
alifa hospital in Gaza City Israel has
demanded the hospital be evacuated
claiming that the main Hamas operations
base is under it it's a claim that Hamas
has denied staff at the hospital are
struggling to cope with the
wounded the recent Massacre on the
bakery have left hundreds killed people
are lining up to get their hands on a
loaf of bread where shell storn to
Pieces dozens killed dozens injured all
innocent civilians lining for a loaf of
bread many are unable to get a place in
hospital at all they're treated in
schools
instead a few were able to leave Gaza
after Qatar broke at a deal to open the
raffer Crossing into Egypt but others
had to stay behind
my two little children are jordanians
I'm not I've applied for citizenship
their names are on the list mine's not
they're asking me to separate from my
little children 2 years old and 3 years
old how am I going to leave
them it's been horrifying horrible my
little brother has a condition he ran
out of medicine and he's suffering
repeated seizures and has many
complications I would like to know who
has the right to go home we are
Egyptians we are only one hour away from
our home I'm with my two little
daughters I've been here since the day
the crossing was hid by Israeli war
planes I'm here to see off my wife we're
recently married she's Jordanian I'm
Palestinian I need to see her get across
to safety my only crime is that I am
Palestinian everyone here is being
forced to adapt there's a constant stre
of victims with children suffering the
most and for thousands lives ended long
before their time Paul ree
aler make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from
aler